# Multi-LoRAs System with LLM Core and Continuous Timestamped Training
Seems like global LLM models are no longer limited by model size, but by their structure. The goal here is to combat catastrophic forgetting with a local agent performing continuous timestamped learning, and that "**Caching is so last century, real memories ought to be stored directly in NN.**"

The general idea is to keep the central LLM unchanged, while surrounding it with a dozen LoRAs, each with an assigned weight and made to be orthogonal to each other. The system is made to be enclosed in an agent that does real-time observation, i.e., a robot, and perform continuous training. Every short moment, each LoRA will be queried with "Summarize your observation and your last output, and what are the times?" followed by the time information and the real-time data from the agent. At the same time, the LLM will be queried with "Summarize your observation and the most recent user input," followed by the real-time data from the agent and the user input (separating the user input from other observations, leaving room for reinforcement learning). A machine then updates the relevant weights between the outputs of the LoRAs and the LLM and trains on the LoRAs with the learning rate scaled by the weights. While using most of the core/RAM for training, the other core/RAM is used to continue generating output from LoRAs that include commands for the agent, e.g., move or reply back in voices.

The idea is that once the LoRAs reach a threshold number, say thousands, the multi-LoRA system will start having an emergent state towards general AGI, such as having long-term memory and planning.

## References:
- John Schulman in collaboration with others at Thinking Machines, LoRA Without Regret (2025) (<a href="https://thinkingmachines.ai/blog/lora/">Blog</a>)
- 51616, Text-to-LoRA (T2L): Instant Transformer Adaption (LoRA Reinforcement Learning) (2025) (<a href="https://github.com/SakanaAI/text-to-lora">GitHub</a>)
